After defining your model classes,
we need to instantiate a discriminator and a generator with the correct hyperparameters.
Here, I've done just that.
I have separate parameters for my discriminator and my generator.
For my discriminator, I know that I want the input to be
an image vector of 28 by 28 pixel values or size 784,
and I'll say that my hidden dim will be 32.
So as I go through my three hidden layers,
my input will go from 784 to 128,
which is our hidden dim times four,
then to 64 and finally 32.
Finally, I know my output should just be one value,
indicating whether an image is real or fake,
closer to one or zero,
then to my generator parameters.
Now, I can input a latent vector z of any size.
In this case, I'm choosing a size of 100.
Then, I'll have the same hidden dim as my discriminator.
If I scroll up to my generator code,
I know that my input 100 values will be transformed first to 32,
the hidden dimension, then to 64,
and finally to 128 values.
Finally, this 128 will be converted to the output size of 784 values.
So, back to these parameters,
I know that I want this output size to be 784 values because they'll
eventually be reshaped into a 28 by 28 generated image.
I'll get then to complete these models,
I'm defining a discriminator and generator in this cell.
I'm passing in my defined hyperparameters for each of them and then
printing out each of these models to check that they are as I expect.
From a discriminator, I can see that it's looking at 784 input pixel values,
which is what I want, and it's downsampling until it gets to a final output of one value.
From my generator, I see the opposite behavior.
I have my 100, which is my z size,
and then eventually it's outputting 784 values,
which can eventually be reshaped into an image.
So, this looks great.
The next step will be to define
our optimization strategy and prepare both of these networks for training.